README.md, before:

# 4 Card Golf

#### By _**Alex McKnight, Garrett Hays & Joe Roaden**_

#### _An application to play 4 Card Golf(See full rules below)_

## Technologies Used

- _html_
- _css_
- _javascript_
- _bootstrap_
- _jquery_
- _babel_
- _eslint_
- _webpack_
- _jest_

## Description

_A web application that allows user to play 4 card golf to achieve the lowest score possible_

_This is a fun game that is mostly luck with a little skill.  A good game for just being able to not think too hard so you can talk and enjoy while playing a game._

_INTRODUCTION:_

_Golf is a card game for two or more players, in which the object is to score as little as possible, as in the sport of Golf. In front of each player is a layout of cards arranged in a square or rectangle, and players improve their scores by drawing new cards to replace unwanted cards, which they discard. Each deal is seen as the equivalent of a hole of Golf, and a complete game consists of 9 or 18 deals, corresponding to the length of a Golf course._

_Players, Cards and Deal
Two standard 52-card packs are shuffled together (remove jokers), and the number of players could in theory be from two to around eight or more, though the game is said to be best for about four to six. The deal and play are clockwise.
The dealer deals four cards to each player, one at a time. Each player's cards are to be arranged face down in a square. The remaining undealt cards are placed face-down in the centre of the table to form a drawing stock. The top card of the stock is turned face up and placed beside the stock to start the discard pile. Before play begins, each player may look at the two nearest cards of his or her square layout, without showing them to anyone else.  These are the only two cards a player can look at during the game.
The Play
The player to the dealer's left begins, and the turn to play passes clockwise. At your turn you must either draw the top card of the face-down stock, or draw the top discard._

_If you draw a card, you may use it to replace one of the four cards of your layout, but you are not allowed to look at the top two cards in your layout before deciding which to replace. You place the drawn card face-up in your layout, and discard the card that previously occupied that position, putting it face-up on top of the discard pile. It is then the next player's turn.
If you draw a card from the stock and decide that you do not want to use it in your layout, you may simply discard the drawn card face up on the discard pile, and it is then the next player's turn. However, if you choose to take the discard, you must use it to replace one of your layout cards - you cannot simply put it back on the discard pile, leaving the situation as it was.
Scoring
Play ends when everyone's cards are turned up.  Cards are scored as follows._

_Each numeral card scores face value (Ace=1, Two=2, etc.)
Each Jack or Queen scores 10 points.
Multiples of any numerical card cancel those cards and count as zero points (2, 3, or 4 of the same card for example jacks)
Each King scores zero points.
The player who has the lowest cumulative score after nine deals wins._

- [x] _This project's GitHub repo can be found at the following link_ [GitHub](https://github.com/joeroaden/4-card-golf).

## Setup/Installation Requirements

- _To properly view this project, please see the steps below on cloning from GitHub_

1. Locate this projects GitHub Repository via [GitHub](https://github.com/joeroaden/4-card-golf).

2. Within the terminal, navigate to the directory where you want to clone and save this project (Typically Desktop, but just be sure you do not clone into another project's directory)

3. Once within your desired directory to save the clone, type the following in your terminal
   _$ git clone https://github.com/joeroaden/4-card-golf_

4. Since this is a public repository, no credentials will be needed and you can now navigate into the directory

5. Then within the terminal, run _$ npm install_ in root directory to receive all dependencies.

6. You can also run _$ npm run build_ then run _$ npm run start_ or open a live server on "./dist/index.html"

7. Acces the html page called index.html and you are ready to begin using the application once the UI is completed



x. For additional information and help, here is a link to GitHub Docs that provides detailed explanations - https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/creating-and-managing-repositories/cloning-a-repository

## Known Bugs

- _there are no known bugs at this time_

## License

_MIT License_

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.\_

Copyright (c) July 7th, 2022 Alex McKnight, Garrett Hays & Joe Roaden

Commit message:

update README with known bugs

README.md, after:

# 4 Card Golf

#### By _**Alex McKnight, Garrett Hays & Joe Roaden**_

#### _An application to play 4 Card Golf(See full rules below)_

## Technologies Used

- _html_
- _css_
- _javascript_
- _bootstrap_
- _jquery_
- _babel_
- _eslint_
- _webpack_
- _jest_

## Description

_A web application that allows user to play 4 card golf to achieve the lowest score possible_

_This is a fun game that is mostly luck with a little skill.  A good game for just being able to not think too hard so you can talk and enjoy while playing a game._

_INTRODUCTION:_

_Golf is a card game for two or more players, in which the object is to score as little as possible, as in the sport of Golf. In front of each player is a layout of cards arranged in a square or rectangle, and players improve their scores by drawing new cards to replace unwanted cards, which they discard. Each deal is seen as the equivalent of a hole of Golf, and a complete game consists of 9 or 18 deals, corresponding to the length of a Golf course._

_Players, Cards and Deal
Two standard 52-card packs are shuffled together (remove jokers), and the number of players could in theory be from two to around eight or more, though the game is said to be best for about four to six. The deal and play are clockwise.
The dealer deals four cards to each player, one at a time. Each player's cards are to be arranged face down in a square. The remaining undealt cards are placed face-down in the centre of the table to form a drawing stock. The top card of the stock is turned face up and placed beside the stock to start the discard pile. Before play begins, each player may look at the two nearest cards of his or her square layout, without showing them to anyone else.  These are the only two cards a player can look at during the game.
The Play
The player to the dealer's left begins, and the turn to play passes clockwise. At your turn you must either draw the top card of the face-down stock, or draw the top discard._

_If you draw a card, you may use it to replace one of the four cards of your layout, but you are not allowed to look at the top two cards in your layout before deciding which to replace. You place the drawn card face-up in your layout, and discard the card that previously occupied that position, putting it face-up on top of the discard pile. It is then the next player's turn.
If you draw a card from the stock and decide that you do not want to use it in your layout, you may simply discard the drawn card face up on the discard pile, and it is then the next player's turn. However, if you choose to take the discard, you must use it to replace one of your layout cards - you cannot simply put it back on the discard pile, leaving the situation as it was.
Scoring
Play ends when everyone's cards are turned up.  Cards are scored as follows._

_Each numeral card scores face value (Ace=1, Two=2, etc.)
Each Jack or Queen scores 10 points.
Multiples of any numerical card cancel those cards and count as zero points (2, 3, or 4 of the same card for example jacks)
Each King scores zero points.
The player who has the lowest cumulative score after nine deals wins._

- [x] _This project's GitHub repo can be found at the following link_ [GitHub](https://github.com/joeroaden/4-card-golf).

## Setup/Installation Requirements

- _To properly view this project, please see the steps below on cloning from GitHub_

1. Locate this projects GitHub Repository via [GitHub](https://github.com/joeroaden/4-card-golf).

2. Within the terminal, navigate to the directory where you want to clone and save this project (Typically Desktop, but just be sure you do not clone into another project's directory)

3. Once within your desired directory to save the clone, type the following in your terminal
   _$ git clone https://github.com/joeroaden/4-card-golf_

4. Since this is a public repository, no credentials will be needed and you can now navigate into the directory

5. Then within the terminal, run _$ npm install_ in root directory to receive all dependencies.

6. You can also run _$ npm run build_ then run _$ npm run start_ or open a live server on "./dist/index.html"

7. Acces the html page called index.html and you are ready to begin using the application once the UI is completed



x. For additional information and help, here is a link to GitHub Docs that provides detailed explanations - https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/creating-and-managing-repositories/cloning-a-repository

## Known Bugs

- _Cards are unable to "lock" in place_
- _Cannot swap the card in play with all four of the user's cards_
- _Add Score button does not calculate score_

## License

_MIT License_

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.\_

Copyright (c) July 7th, 2022 Alex McKnight, Garrett Hays & Joe Roaden
